[Database Monitoring] Update sqlserver setup documentation to mention log shipping (#20989)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/rds.md

Do the following steps to enable Database Monitoring with your database:

> - [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
> - [Configure the AWS integration](#configure-the-aws-integration)
> - [Grant the Agent access](#grant-the-agent-access)
> - [Install the Agent](#install-the-agent)
> - [Example Agent Configurations](#example-agent-configurations)
> - [Install the RDS integration](#install-the-rds-integration)
> - [Further reading](#further-reading)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Configure the AWS integration](#configure-the-aws-integration)
1. [Grant the Agent access](#grant-the-agent-access)
1. [Install the Agent](#install-the-agent)
1. [Install the RDS integration](#install-the-rds-integration)
```

this is meant to be a numbered list of steps, not a table of contents (available in the right-hand panel)

--Set context to msdb database and create datadog user
USE [msdb];
CREATE USER datadog FOR LOGIN datadog;

> -- If you intend on using log shipping monitoring (availably in agent v7.50), proceed with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- To use Log Shipping Monitoring (available in Agent v7.50+), uncomment the next line:
```
